System Administration Tools
Last Modified: 01/11/2019

Overview:
This distribution contains programs and documentation for experienced
system administrators.

EULA:
The accuracy and usability of any program or information in this tool
set is not guaranteed. By using any of the programs or documentation
you assume all risks to your operating systems, software, and
hardware.

COPYING:
This documentation and software is distributed for the purpose of
helping system administrators. This documentation and software can be
freely modified and distributed, but without a warranty of any
kind. Use of this documentation and software for any purpose is not
guaranteed. Any third party libraries used to build example programs
distributed with this documentation are subject to the licensing
agreement stated within the source code and any documentation supplied
with the third party library.

Contributing:
If you wish to contribute to this tool set, fork a GIT branch and add
your contributions. All submissions be reviewed and added to the trunk
version for next Github release. 

When submitting documents or example programs do not include any
personal or real system information. Examples referring to a username
must use a generic name such as; user1, username1, etc. Never include
any password information, real names, email addresses, or physical
addresses. Never include any hostname information or real IP
addresses. IPv4 address examples should only use private ranges; 10.*,
172.16-31.*, 192.168.*. All contributors are responsible for screening
their documents prior to submitting.

Operating Systems:
This tool kit is not limited to any specific operating system or hardware platform. If there is a operating system or hardware platform you wish to add to this distribution you can add your own branch or open a ticket on Github.

Support:
For all support issues, open a ticket on Github:

https://github.com/dgaer/system_admin_tools/issues
 

